DOCS-1965: Update intermode tutorial for R2D2 (#2812)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/custom/controlling-an-intermode-rover-canbus.md

Reviewer: Out of diff but needs setup instructions updated @ line 277

Author: fixed - I think this tutorial needs more attention but I'll keep that for a separate PR (there's another ticket for it)

    "CAN bus",
    "Intermode",
  ]

> description: "Integrate an Intermode rover as a modular resourcebase component with CAN bus."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Integrate an Intermode rover as a modular resource base component with CAN bus."
```
I think?

### Configure the Intermode base resource

> If you have not already, first add a new machine in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/) and follow the setup instructions to connect the machine to the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not already, first add a new machine in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/) and follow the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="setup" text="setup instructions" >}} to connect the machine to the cloud.
```
(opt)
